Use Control Plane instead of Master (#18438)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/components.md

{{% /capture %}}

{{% capture body %}}
## Control Plane Components

> The Control Plane components make global decisions about the cluster (for example, scheduling), and they detect and respond to cluster events (for example, starting up a new {{< glossary_tooltip text="pod" term_id="pod">}} when a deployment's `replicas` field is unsatisfied).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Control Plane's components make global decisions about the cluster (for example, scheduling), as well as detecting and responding to cluster events (for example, starting up a new {{< glossary_tooltip text="pod" term_id="pod">}} when a deployment's `replicas` field is unsatisfied).
```

{{% /capture %}}

{{% capture body %}}

> ## Control Plane Components

Reviewer 2: I think this is OK to change because even if fragment identifiers break, it's still the start of the page.
:+1:

> Control Plane components provide the cluster's control plane. Control Plane components make global decisions about the

Reviewer 2: “Control Plane components provide the cluster's control plane”? @Fale, the change makes this sentence tautological IMO.

Maybe use `{{< glossary_definition term_id="control-plane" length="all" >}}` here? You might want / need to reword the glossary definition slightly to make it work.
